Remove need to call initializeLayerList for local service registers (#314)
Dataport/polar: packages/core/README.md

> Layers intended to be used in the map have to be initialized by calling `initializeLayerList` with a service register.  
> This register may either be a link to a predefined service register like [the Hamburg service register](https://geodienste.hamburg.de/services-internet.json), or the custom service register that is also used in [mapConfiguration.layerConf](#mapconfigurationlayerconf).
> 
> This is an optional step as `@masterportal/masterportalapi` already handles this.
> However, it becomes required again to call this an additional time when using a URL for the service register as some setups need to be done first before anything polar-related can be set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layers registers to be fetched from remote files have to be initialized by calling `initializeLayerList` with their respective URL. This may e.g. point to a predefined service register like [the Hamburg service register](https://geodienste.hamburg.de/services-internet.json). This needs to be done before `createMap` is called, and `initializeLayerList`'s callback will get the retrieved `layerConf` as first parameter.

If you're using a local custom service register, i.e. you have the [mapConfiguration.layerConf](#mapconfigurationlayerconf) as an array at hand before calling `createMap`, it can be used as `layerConf` parameter directly without calling `initializeLayerList`. The `@masterportal/masterportalapi` then handles the layer list setup in time.
```

1. You have to do X
2. ... which is optional ...
3. ... UNLESS ...

I tried to write it more concisely.

Author: Adjusted dd0c7ec51faca2d6155be3c42861d02c37d8bbd7
